README.md, before:

# ReactJSNodejsAuthRouterv4
ReactJS + Nodejs + React Router V4 user authentication, based on the code from tutorial: https://vladimirponomarev.com/blog/authentication-in-react-apps-jwt, and the 
routing/redirect idea comes from: https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/example/auth-workflow

Comment 09/10/2017, 9:00pm:

The original tutorial is not working with the latest versions of ReactJS, React-Router-Rom, webpack, and Material-UI. The version here
is what I came up with after 

Basically what have to be changed:

1. The way the proptype is specified/imported;
2. The top level element needs to be BrowserRouter instead of Router;
3. The app needs a MuiThemeProvider so that the Mateiral-UI can work properly;
4. Router can no longer do: this.context.router.replace, it will give an error saying replace does not exist. Instead use
Redirect from React-Router-dom to do redirect after authentication succeed;
5. The structure of the app has to be changed, all the page renderings are now conditional based on the user authentication state from Auth.js;
6. Since this version is not using routes to define what happens when an URL is entered, onClick of Link on logout de-auth an user.

This version is tested on Amazon EC2 with a mongodb on mlab, and I will try build another version of it with mysql/msSQL if possible.

The package versions:

├── babel-core@6.26.0
├── babel-loader@7.1.2
├── babel-preset-es2015@6.24.1
├── babel-preset-react@6.24.1
├── bcrypt@1.0.3
├── body-parser@1.18.2
├── express@4.16.1
├── jsonwebtoken@8.0.1
├── material-ui@0.19.3
├── mongoose@4.12.1
├── nodemon@1.12.1
├── passport@0.4.0
├── passport-local@1.0.0
├── prop-types@15.6.0
├── react@16.0.0
├── react-dom@16.0.0
├── react-router@4.2.0
├── react-router-dom@4.2.2
├── react-tap-event-plugin@3.0.2
├── sql@0.78.0
├── validator@9.0.0
└── webpack@3.6.0

Commit message:

Test Language Switch between EN/CH

README.md, after:

# ReactJSNodejsAuthRouterv4
ReactJS + Nodejs + React Router V4 user authentication, based on the code from tutorial: https://vladimirponomarev.com/blog/authentication-in-react-apps-jwt, and the 
routing/redirect idea comes from: https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/example/auth-workflow

Comment 10/10/2017, 3:18pm:

Tested multi language(Eng/Chinese) setup, basically the idea is to store the current langugage setting with localStorage, and render header/main
accordingly, same idea as how the user token is stored.

Spent a long time figuring out how to render the Main under the Header: with the app structure from yesterday, the problem is, when the 
langugage switch button, which is in the Header, is clicked, only the header will update the states and render in another langugage, and 
because there's no state update in Main, it can rely only on the change of its props, which are passed from the start page, and won't happen
until the Main page is refreshed/reached again. Eventually the solution turns out to be quite simple: replace the "button" with "Link", and 
apply the onClick event to the Link, which will both update the Header states, and redirect to the Main page again, which will cause the Main
page to be refreshed and rendered accordingly.

However the above solution feels a bit dodgy/lazy, since most of the multilingual websites usually handle different languages with different URLs,
I think i'm doing it this way because of the influence of conditional rendering in ReactJS. May change to using different URLs such as /EN, /CH in 
the future if necessary.  

Comment 09/10/2017, 9:00pm:

The original tutorial is not working with the latest versions of ReactJS, React-Router-Rom, webpack, and Material-UI. The version here
is what I came up with after 

Basically what have to be changed:

1. The way the proptype is specified/imported;
2. The top level element needs to be BrowserRouter instead of Router;
3. The app needs a MuiThemeProvider so that the Mateiral-UI can work properly;
4. Router can no longer do: this.context.router.replace, it will give an error saying replace does not exist. Instead use
Redirect from React-Router-dom to do redirect after authentication succeed;
5. The structure of the app has to be changed, all the page renderings are now conditional based on the user authentication state from Auth.js;
6. Since this version is not using routes to define what happens when an URL is entered, onClick of Link on logout de-auth an user.

This version is tested on Amazon EC2 with a mongodb on mlab, and I will try build another version of it with mysql/msSQL if possible.

The package versions:

├── babel-core@6.26.0
├── babel-loader@7.1.2
├── babel-preset-es2015@6.24.1
├── babel-preset-react@6.24.1
├── bcrypt@1.0.3
├── body-parser@1.18.2
├── express@4.16.1
├── jsonwebtoken@8.0.1
├── material-ui@0.19.3
├── mongoose@4.12.1
├── nodemon@1.12.1
├── passport@0.4.0
├── passport-local@1.0.0
├── prop-types@15.6.0
├── react@16.0.0
├── react-dom@16.0.0
├── react-router@4.2.0
├── react-router-dom@4.2.2
├── react-tap-event-plugin@3.0.2
├── sql@0.78.0
├── validator@9.0.0
└── webpack@3.6.0
